we wrote 25 we are going to introduce
the very last cable that we're going to
learn so go ahead and do these two edge
stitches purl the t3 are the four purl
stitches and we're going to learn this
c4l and I have to say it's not going to
be very hard compared to what you have
already learned hopefully you're not
disappointed it's just a the opposite of
the c-4 are so let's get over there for
pearls and we come to 4 knit stitches
all together hopefully that's what you
should have and this time the one in the
foreground needs to cross to the left
meaning these two on the right need to
come over here so with a cable needle
the way we do that is slip the first two
stitches under the cable needle and hold
them to the front they need to go over
there so we're just going to keep them
to the front like that while we knit the
two on the left needle sorry it's a
little hard to see these guys are in
front there we go there's an inning one
knitting two now we just knit these two
from the left-hand needle I actually
think this is probably the easiest of
all the cables to do with a cable needle
didn't really get on the way too much
there we go so they twist to the left so
let's do that one more time I'll show
you American style although by now I
hope you realize that it's really not
that different what I'm doing with my
hands doesn't really have much to do
with what the needle they're doing in
the yarn alright so once again slip
these two off they stay to the front put
the yarn in back
and let's see here we go knit one keep
back to the front
knit 2 and 8 1
knit two